the los angeles auto show is less than a
month away and nissan is jumping on the
tea's wagon the company released the
first official image of its redesigned Z
car will live up to the expectations or
is more power just not enough for you
guys these days also the first image of
the mega buck aston martin one-77 leak
and porsche tweaks the Cayman and
Boxster and yes we got another one from
the FLD virtual garage I'm Derek D
what's up everybody I doing today cool
cool you're watching fast lane daily
this episode of fast lane daily is
brought to you by the villeins
automotive series under the hood with
Franzen and the frog watch for new
episodes at brandon and the frog calm
nissan didn't end run around the
speculators today releasing the first
shot of its new generation z car it's
the 370z successor to the popular 350z
and heir to a lineage going all the way
back to the onesie of the late tang
dynasty actually no first was the 240z
of 1969 that car we defined the sports
car market with a 151 horsepower inline
six these days the 370z is expected to
get the company's latest 3.7 liter v6
which produces 330 horsepower in the
infiniti g37 coupe z watchers expect the
370z to be slightly smaller than the
current model with higher quality
interior fittings and a tighter
resemblance to the company's GTR
flagship Nissan's unveiling the new Z in
Los Angeles in late November and guess
what we'll be there so the stock market
went up yesterday and that means some
billionaire just picked up enough cash
for one of these yes the first full
images of the new Aston Martin ultra car
hits online last night that's the 177 a
car so madly expensive it has its own
collateralized debt obligation I
actually don't even know what that means
and it probably doesn't even apply here
as a matter though the 177 has already
spoken for all 77 copies of that 1.9
million dollar Aston have been pre-sold
lucky virals will get a body of carbon
fiber and a hand-built seven liter v12
reducing 700 horsepower options include
a suspension made entirely of elk bone
seats line and a meerkat underbelly
and a shift knob made from the
conscience of a corporate lawyer one of
the rare substance is known to man and
the UK's car magazine reports McLaren
may be expanding its car building
operations UK development firm best
known for its motor sports program and
the McLaren f1 is reportedly working on
a family of new sports cars that means
the company's new f1 replacement
codenamed p11 will have a couple of
siblings car says McLaren is ramping up
to build not just six-figure supercars
but a GT car in the 60 grand range as
well no details yet but car expects the
new McLaren models to be powered by
Mercedes engines not surprising since
merck owns forty percent of mclaren
anyway ok next up what's next for the
porsche cayman and Boxster you'll find
out in the internet rumor mill and we
crank open the FLD virtual garage that's
all coming up after this
you
auto do-it-yourselfers have amazing
bartering potential well not until you
fix my car like you said get a free
pizza in exchange for some easy car work
one reason that a car might run hot is
because of bad or low coolant we're
gonna play it safe and replace the fluid
my fruit thing there is
what's better than cold pizza nothing
except for maybe a cool running car I
know how to keep your car's cooling
system working right maybe get some free
pizza while you're at it head over to
under the hood with random in the Frog
at Brandon and the Frog com watch the
latest episode and speaking of free
pizza if I had a ban I'd call it free
pizza just so when I played out the bill
might read something like kiss and free
pizza who wouldn't go to that show I
don't why would you Tom oh no oh now
this week's FLD virtual garage
each week we'll be showing off a nova
ride from the digital garages of
cardomain this week it's raised Austin a
30 bricks know the a30 has a 1950s at
count 0 box with slightly more power
than a wind-up airplane ray says he got
it as a total wreck and after nine years
of work the only original parts are the
body the radiator and the fuel tank the
42 inch high ostentatious what yeah ok
it's powered by a one liter for from an
austin mini the custom paint and
bodywork make the miniature Austin a
real headturner think Linda Blair and
the exorcist kind of like this look but
without your body turning you get and
remember if you want to see your car
featured in the fast lane daily virtual
garage just go to cardomain set up an
account post it up that easy cardomain
com if you're a fan of mid-engine
Porsche models he dismissive the Cayman
in boxster have gone under the knife
autoweek revealed images yesterday
reportedly showing the 2010 came in a
Boxster apparently leaked on Porsches
own website magazine says the new
Porsches will get both the facelift and
some new technology shots revealed new
design cues including slightly we worked
head lights and LED tail lamps along
with a little surgery on the intake area
but the real story is the engine
insiders say a larger 2.9 liter flat 6
is on tap putting out 265 horsepower in
base form and 320 in the direct injected
s model no word yet on whether Porsche
will make its new pdk dual-clutch
gearbox available that's the paddle
shift mathematic the company released on
his 2009 carrera models expect the new
cayman and boxer to appear sometime
during the 2009 auto show season well
that's the end of fast lane daily for
wednesday it's hump day I'm Derek D and
if you want to find out more about that
porsche carrera and the PDK transmission
watch garage for 19 test drive of the
2009 997 carrera next week at saw garage
419 calm happy hump day everybody I'll
see you later
we're at Grand Prix New York Mount Kisco
for the garage for 19 Invitational
extended team fill inside bill Montana
Alex Roy six word essay was I am a hot
asian girl I told you guys I had
multiple surprises and I wasn't kidding
you